# Overview
Our dashboard successfully implements the features explicated in our proposal. Below a description and title, a drop down menu allows for filtering the data for visualizations based on job title reported by respondents. A slider allows for filtering based on ranges of years of programming experience. We initially intended this slider to filter on overall job experience, but this turned out not to be possible with our data.
We present three graphs and two cards in the body of our dashboard. Clockwise from the top left, a bar chart displays the most commonly used programming languages among respondents to the survey. Another bar plot plots the frequency with which respondents mentioned machine learning paradigms. Below that bar chart, we present a count plot of languages respondents to the survey recommend learning broken up by the respondent’s level of education. To the left of the count plot we indicate the median highest and median lowest salary given in the ranges.
Overall, we think our dashboard functions well. The interactivity is complex enough to allow deep insights, but simple enough be largely self-explanatory. The plots we provide give important information in a clear and straightforward way without making our dashboard look cluttered.  
Limitations wise, we will likely tweak the programming experience slider either in terms of bins or perhaps by switching to another variable to filter by altogether. Although programming experience is interesting, we acknowledge there should be a way to remove this filter to view data across all responses for a given job title. While we see the simplicity of our dashboard as a strength, we do wish to improve the aesthetics. As it stands, the labels on the x-axis of the machine learning and levels of education plot could be tweaked to be more readable and take up less space. The alignment of our cards and graphs is not perfect, and we would like to improve that for future iterations. 
We are also considering some form of filtering by country for the future- perhaps by continent since different areas often have very different median salaries and differ in emphasis on technologies.
